Hey, good morning, family. Thank you for joining us again today. We're going to pray over your needs
today. There are many of you, like this family right here, who are believing for so
much. We received that in the mail today, and I'm just like, 'Wow.'There are so many of you
believing for a breakthrough for your loved ones. I mean, I have other
photos right here. There are so many families. Like I said, we have
photos now all over our car. We drive around and look like we have photos everywhere
that we pray over when we're driving around. People send them to us, and
they need a breakthrough. These people are desperate; they need a touch from the Father.
They don't need a stale word from a pastor where you go on a Wednesday night or a Sunday and you
walk away thinking, 'What was that? Why did I waste my thirty minutes? Why did I waste
an hour? I could have gotten more watching a YouTube video than I got from that.'I don't want to waste
people's time. I say, 'God, we need a fresh river. We need fresh glory.'We
need to get this old vinegar out of these old wineskins and put the anointing of the Holy
Ghost on us. Rub that oil down into that pouch of who we are, that vessel,
making it pliable again. Because when you put that anointing oil on that vessel and rub it in, making that
leather pouch pliable again, it makes it so
if you put the new wine in it, it won't crack and bust. The oil and the anointing of the Holy Ghost
is what makes us brand new every single day. You have to have that glory—the outward honey glow.
That's why I told Diana—we talk about it all the time—I want it so much that it never turns
off, that they have to put a drape around my head because people ask, 'What is going on with that
dude's face? He's glowing with the glory.'I tell my children, 'We represent the Father.'So,
we act like the Father; we demonstrate ourselves as the Father would. I know we're all a work
in progress, but I'm just desperate for Him. I'm desperate for Him. And I know what's coming.
I know a great shaking is coming to awaken you. And I will sound the alarm, just like Jeremiah, to tell
you all that God is coming. And you have to get your house in order because we're running out
of time. Thank God we're not like we were back then; we're under more grace. I get it, but
I'm telling you all, a great shaking is coming. What's coming is not God's judgment. Ladies and gentlemen, what's
coming is not judgment; it's a Father correcting a child who is spoiled. It's the Father who is
correcting a child who has gone wayward, saying, 'You've gone off the road, buddy, and
I want you to come back over here in the fold.'The ninety-nine sheep are over here, and you're the one,
and I'm trying to snatch that one. There are a lot of ones, but He's trying to grab a hold of those ones.
And He's like, 'You got way off track, and you're fifty miles away from where you're
supposed to be. But I have more mercy and more love to let you have an extended time to bring them in.'Your
unsaved loved ones—the people who are so wayward that you think, 'Man, they're never
coming in.'No, all things are possible to him who believes. Ladies and gentlemen, glory to God!
All things are possible to him who believes. You've just got to believe it. You've got to put your faith
into motion. What are you believing for today? You say, 'Well, I'm believing for finances.'Then sow
a seed. Every seed produces after its own kind. What are you believing God for today?
David said, 'I give nothing that doesn't cost me something. If it doesn't cost you something, then it isn't
precious to you.'And David gave when it hurt, and the Bible says that. And that's where
I've tried to say, 'What's my chokehold? Where am I at with the Lord concerning this?'People say,
'I don't believe in tithing because it's under the Old Covenant.'I believe in giving
God something to work with. I believe in giving God—if the farmer sows a seed to reap a harvest,
then I'm going to sow a seed to reap a harvest. If I have a need, I sow a seed. That's what we always
do in this household. Where do you give? You give to your local church. You give to where you're
being fed spiritually. You give to the people who are pouring into you spiritually; that's where you
give. So, where your pastor is and where the people are who are ministering to you on
a day-to-day basis—those are the people you give to. Why? Because that's what keeps the local church
going. If you don't have a local church in your area, you have to have a prayer covering.
That's what changes things. When that body comes together, you come as an army in that
community. So, you keep that local church going. You keep the people who are feeding you going
so that they keep feeding you, so they are able to distribute out and help others. It's
like a storehouse. You bring your tithe to the storehouse. You bring that to the storehouse.
Where the storehouse is, is where you're getting fed. That's where the grain is, and all the things
you put in the storehouse. You bring the tithe to the storehouse.
Your local church is your storehouse where you're getting fed. You take care of that pastor; you take
care of them, and then you make sure they're able to have community outreach or whatever
they're doing. I just believe that that's what we do in these last days to help the
local church out. We help it. You say, 'Well, we don't have to tithe.'No, but you still
give. I don't believe there's a curse on people if you don't tithe, okay, but I believe
that God said He rebukes the devourer for our sake. And if He did it back then, He'll do it again.
And I want a blessing on my money. I want prosperity and His blessing on it—my heart hearing Him say,
'Brandon, well done, thou good and faithful servant. You did everything you could;
you helped stretch the Kingdom of God throughout the whole world.'Most
people don't want to give. Most people are stingy with it, and they say, 'Well, when I get more money,
I'll give and do this and that.'No, we started
tithing because we had to. I don't know why I got off on this; I guess it's because Braden told me
something. We get some emails where people say, 'We don't believe in tithing. What do you believe about it?'Well,
this is my opinion: I believe in tithing. I believe in giving my ten percent. I believe in giving
over the ten percent as much as I can because I know what it takes to get the gospel out. It seems like
I've worked for churches my whole life. We knew what it took to get the
bills paid at the church; we knew what it took to get the flyers out and all the staff
paid. It takes millions of dollars. Most people say, 'Well, I gave my ten bucks.'Well,
the church was thankful for the ten dollars, but there were a lot of tippers. You're believing
that you can step into the overflow, for God to speak to you about abundant things, but that
comes out of whether He can trust you with it. If God can't trust you with the ten percent that you have
to tithe to Him, He's not going to show you the greater works. I'm telling you, I'm just
being real with you all. I'm just telling you all the facts, and most people don't want to hear it. You say,
'Well, I'm qualified because I gave my five bucks to the Lord today.'You tipped God.
You made a quarter of a million dollars last year, and you gave ten dollars. Whoop-de-do! I mean, I'm
just saying. You think that you're qualified for God to tell you the secret
things because you gave your hundred bucks and you made $250,000 last year? Seriously, it
comes out of sacrifice. David said, 'I didn't give God anything that didn't cost me something.'So
you are expecting God to pour out his blessing on you in a dump truck load, but you gave in a
thimble load. And you're asking God to do something mightily in your finances whenever
it's so backwards is what I'm trying to tell y'all. Seek ye first the kingdom and
his righteousness, and all these things will be added unto you. Give, and it shall be given
unto you: good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over will men give into your bosom.
And so that's just what Diana and I believe. You ask us or tell you, I don't
like talking about money stuff because you're like, 'Well, you know you're after money.'No, I don't care; I
honest to goodness don't care. This is because people ask me, 'What do you believe about this, Brandon?'And
this is what Diana and I believe. We believe in the power of the seed. We believe
in the power that you give and it shall be given unto you: good measure, pressed down, shaken together,
and running over will men give into your bosom. That's what Diana and I believe. We believe that
God is a rewarder of those that diligently seek Him. Not just with my time and prayer,
but seeking Him with my finances. God, if I give, you said that you give me 30, 60, 100-fold. That's
what you said in your word. You said in Malachi—I'm not putting myself underneath
the old covenant, Lord—but you said back then that you rebuke the devourer for my sake. So Father, how
much more will you rebuke the devourer for my sake now? I'm not underneath the old covenant, but I'm
underneath the new, but I still want to believe in the blessing. I still want to believe in helping
the church out. And it's a heart thing. It's a heart thing. And I say, 'God, my heart is for you. My heart
is for the gospel. I want to help Billy Burke out. I want to help missionaries out. I want to help them.'If
you're going out and praying for the sick and seeing people recover, I would like to help you.
If I see that you're doing something major for God, I want to help you. I see the cause, I see
the anointing, and you sow into the anointing. Do you give all at one place? No, I split
my seed a lot of times and I help each ministry out. I help pastors, prophets, teachers,
evangelists, and all this. And I try, even if it's just five bucks whatever, until you grow. You say,
'Here, here, here.'But I try to sow the big one. And then the one that feeds me
the most I give them the most, right, because I'm getting impartation from it. Above tithe I try to
help out. So that's what I'm trying to say. And maybe that'll make sense for some of
y'all, but you ask me my opinion, what Diana and I do. And that's exactly what we've done.
And we've done it for a while now saying, 'God help me because I'm not going to be manipulated.''Well,
all your tithe should come to my church because you're a part of my flock and you need
to give all your money here.'Whatever I'm going to do, I'm going to do what the Holy Spirit tells
me to do. And people get ticked off about that, but whatever. I just follow the voice of
the Lord for our life. And what he tells me to do is I give it. If you're not underneath the curse of
the old covenant and it's not there, then I'm not going to be manipulated about my tithe
either. I will not sit there and have you tell me all
this stuff where I should be giving my money. I will follow the Holy Spirit and he will show me
that which is to come. And when you do that and you're led by the Holy Spirit
you'll always be blessed. Follow the Holy Spirit in what the word tells you to do. Give to
where you're being fed. Give to the ministries that are feeding you. And I'm telling you, God
will anoint you. Be led by the spirit of God when it comes to your giving. There's a lot of different
theories; there's a lot of different theologies when it comes to this. And everybody's about it
because everybody wants the money. And I'll be real with you, that's what I've seen a lot in the body
of Christ. A lot of people want the money and they go, 'I feel that if you give this $58 seed and
this $58 blessing you're going to get a miracle.'I don't get into all that stuff. I just give where
I'm led to give to help when God tells me to give. And that's exactly what Diana and I do. And
I am not manipulated by emotion. Never give out of emotion.
Give by the spirit of the Lord leading you. Does that make sense? If you're led by your emotions,
your emotions change all the time. You can give a seed and you'll be like, 'Why in the world did
I just give that?'five minutes later. Sometimes it's the devil trying to torment you, but sometimes it is
because you acted out in flesh. And I'm not going to be, 'Well, you know, I heard the sob story
about that and it was really sad at church and I gave it.'I'm not going to give out of emotion.
I'm giving by the spirit of God leading me. Does that make sense? When you're led by the spirit of
the Lord there is a blessing behind it. But there truly is a 30, 60, and 100-fold. And you
find the 100-fold grounds, you found a nugget. If you find the 60-fold, you still found a really good one. Thirty
is okay; it's a return. But I'm serious, I told the Lord, I said, 'Where is the 100-fold
ground? Show me how to sow into that because I want to be the farmer that sows into the manure
that gets back the big harvest. I sow to reap, I sow.'They said, 'Well, do you give to get?'Well,
yeah, basically, but I'm not giving it out of that attitude. I'm giving to sow because God says he
loves a cheerful giver, but he gives back 30, 60. It's his system. So I'm sowing into it saying,
'God, show me how to reap the maximum reward.'And if this
is stony ground, run. 'Well, their ministry died.'Well, it wasn't me, it's stony ground. It doesn't need
to be there anyway. I mean, I'm just being real. Let them move on and do something else. Sell on
eBay; it's a good living. If their
ground is stony they shouldn't be in ministry anyway. If it's sandy soil and
it's bad soil, why are they preaching then? Close the doors down and go on. We
need people that are filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost in these last days. We don't need to be
wasting people's time just doing it because it's all that I've ever known how to do. Do something
else. Be a door greeter at Walmart. I mean, I don't mean to be rude but that's just real. Don't waste
my time. And that's why I don't want to waste your time.
We're just real. I've seen it all. I've been around some big ministers,
some of the big guys. And you look at them and you go, 'What's real and what's not? Is
there an anointing here or not?'I want you all to be successful. I want you to go
from glory to glory and not keep going around the mountain expecting different results every single
time. For 40 years they wandered in the wilderness. For 40 years they wandered and they never said,
'Why am I still going through what we're going through?''Moses, why are we still walking around this mountain?'And
you go through another year and he's like, 'Well, the whole generation has to die because
of unbelief and we're going to raise up the Joshuas and the Calebs to go and take the land because we
really aren't the size of grasshoppers to these giants.'We're going to go and take the land. Who
wants to be a land grabber? Us! I don't want to live in the valley of the shadow of death
anymore. I want to live on the high peaks with Jesus Christ in these last days. I want
to know how to go from glory to glory to glory. I'm so tired. You
listen to all these sermons and you hear them and you know, is this really working? I
want to see it. I want to see fruit. When your mom and dad and great-grandparents,
and they all live from paycheck to paycheck and you give because
they can preach the money out of your wallet and they get you all excited about it, and you walk
away and you're still broke. You're still broke and it's frustrating and you go and you listen
to it and you hear the prosperity gospel and you hear all this stuff. And God is a God that
is abundantly rewarding those that diligently seek him. And he wants you to have 30, 60, and 100-fold, but
you're giving it into bad ground. And you walk away going, 'What gives, Lord? How come you haven't met
my stuff?'Because we're still looking for the mailbox mentality. We're looking for, "Well, God,
where's my angel with the bag of money in his hand?"like that preacher talked about. I'm
telling you that I've heard of miracles happening, and God does that, ladies and gentlemen. And God
will do that; it's an exception, not the rule. He will anoint your hands to prosper. He
will abundantly bless your hands to do something. Put your boat into motion. God isn't looking for
the talents; you could either bury the talents, or you can make the talents work for you by
doing something with your hands, asking Him for a creative idea to get wealth. "God, show me how to
get this."I was the guy, I'm telling you, for a long time. As a janitor sitting back there, I was going,
"Lord, Lord, teach me how some sister will walk up and give me $100 today because we're desperate for it."And
that's a miracle for someone to hear it on their heart to give you
some money, but God wants to make you a fisherman to go out and get it
yourself. Teach me how to do it. And that's whenever the Lord told me, "Brennan, I'll teach you
how to flip cars. Go out and buy this car that's broken over here, and pay your dad or
whoever to put that timing belt on that car and fix it, and you can make it."I'm
telling you, listen, I bought a car for, I think it was like 500 bucks—you weren't even born yet—and
the Lord said, "Buy that car; it just needs a new timing belt on it and
it's going to run."I bought it for 500 bucks and I sold it for $3,000. But at that
time, that $500 seed for that car that needed a new timing belt—Of course, there was nothing
else wrong with this car, and this was a long time ago—that $3,000 was a lot of money to us. So
He said, "A man with a white shirt... after you fix this car, a man with a white shirt..."I prayed in the
spirit. The Lord said, "A man with a white shirt is going to knock on your door tomorrow, and he's
going to buy the car because the for-sale sign was on it."This Hispanic man walked up;
he had a white shirt on just like the Lord said, and he said, "I've come to buy the car. I have cash."He
gave me the cash. That's what I'm saying. This was back in 2002, 2003,
somewhere around there. So, what I'm trying to say is just follow the
voice of the Lord for your life, not looking for a mailbox mentality, but asking God to bless whatever you
put your hands to and saying, "Lord, teach me. Teach me."That's just an example, but that's what we do
still with eBay and Poshmark, asking God to give you an idea. The only
reason I do what I do now is because I don't have much education; I just go, "Lord,
teach me how to do this."And the Holy Spirit will lead you and guide you into everything. I
just know there's a lot of people frustrated with preachers and teachers of the gospel.
They're blessed, and people see it and they go, "Well..."because you get all these people
bashing preachers that have everything and they go, "How come they have so much?"Well,
you know, God's blessed them. They've sown their seed, they've reaped it. But it comes across—people
become frustrated and critical over it and they go, "Where's mine?"Get out and
do something with your harvest. Do something with your hands. Look for that supernatural
idea. I believe in miracle money, but I don't believe in it the way everybody
else believes in it like that. I believe God will anoint you to do something. He'll give you an idea.
But there's a lot of it I believe that has been off, and a lot of the body of Christ is still
believing 50 years later, and they're still living in the slums. And I've learned if you put your boat
into motion and ask the Father, by seeking His face, for Him to anoint what you put your hands to,
God will bless you. God will bless you with an idea. Believe for a promotion at your
job. If you love your job and you want to stay there, then believe for a promotion. Some people
go, "Well, I don't care if I ever have anything."Then fine, this message isn't for you. But there's
a lot of people that are believing for a lot, and they're still doing the same thing. 50
years later, they're still giving, they're still doing what they're doing, and they've
sacrificed their whole life looking for the pot of gold at the end of
the rainbow. And they're looking for that lottery ticket. And God's not a lottery ticket. God is a God
that will bless your hands and He'll cause increase, but I've never
seen the lottery ticket stuff. I'm telling you all, a lot of people treat crypto like
that, and I'm not going to be one of those. I do it and I pretend I sow it—put my money in
it and then I walk away and act like it's not there. I do not act like I'm putting my last
dollar in there believing for this—I need lucky 777. It's going to be all
that I need to get through this next life, to make me retire. No. "Father, give me
ideas. Anoint me to do something supernatural for You."And as I seek You and I seek Your face, You
said You'd give me what's in Your hand. And God's going to give those rewards as He gives ideas and
He speaks to you in the midnight hour. Let me pray for you all, though. I'm going to believe
for your financial miracle. I'm going to believe God for your healings. We're going to
believe for Canada. So, Father, we just thank You for Your hand on every single one of these people. My
job is never to cause confusion. My job—I'm trying so hard, Father, to teach them how to get
out of the holes, Father, so that they don't keep going down the mental anguish of what they've done 10
years ago, expecting different results and going, "Well, seed time, harvest... where's my harvest?"and
they've never seen what they're believing for. And yet they sow into bad ground over
and over again, expecting different results, and they're going, "What's going on with my life?"Lord, I would—in
my time back then—I wish somebody would have said something, not hearing
another sermon, but just somebody being real. And Father, I want to be that
real person that they can just have someone to say, like a friend that says, "Listen,
this is off. There's some off stuff here. There's some things that are not right, and we've got
to get it right because I don't want to live in the slums anymore; I want to live and come
up higher."And I know, Father, there's frustration with a lot of people. We see their emails. There's
frustration in the body of Christ. There's dysfunction. And Father, I know You said
that You're bringing forth the new Davids. You're bringing forth the new generals that will bring
a balance to things. You're bringing a balance to the Word. You're bringing a balance
to things that have been off, that have been way over in left field, and You're saying, "Let's bring
it back to home base."And Father, I thank You that You're bringing back clarity to the body of Christ, that there will
be some balance in here, not so much weirdness. There's going to be some structure,
and in the structure, it's all back in the Word and it's in the anointing. And You said that You came
to set the captives free. And I believe, Father, that there's a lot of the body of Christ that
needs to be set free. They're walking with the yoke of bondage of poverty, lack, not enough,
barely getting by. They've got the bondage over their minds so that they don't think clearly. And
Father, I thank You, Lord, that they think clearly. They know exactly what they're supposed to do
when they're supposed to do it. They hear Your voice, and a stranger's voice they will not follow.
And Father, they're going to know exactly where to put their money. I believe, Father, that this is the
day of the open door, that this will be a time that they set their path right. That 2025 will be a time
that they get on track, they get on the right road, going the right direction, knowing exactly what God
has for them. And they're not going to go the wrong direction, going on the bad road, going, "Why
am I not getting to where I'm supposed to be year after year? I'm in bondage."Father, it is
not your will for people to be derailed in their lives; it's your will for them to go up higher
with you, with the fire. Father, for them to see your face, to know you, and to find you. I thank
you, Father, that you're not hiding from us; you're just waiting on us. You're saying, 'Brandon,
come up higher in your thinking, in the way you pray, and
in the way you do things.'Because that's where I'm at. I'm not down here with the chickens; I'm up
here. I thank you, Lord, that we come up higher in our ability to believe you for more.
We believe that in 2025 we will soar; it's a 2025 turnaround. This will be
a year like we've never seen before, where we go through the open door, and in this window
of opportunity and blessing, we are the people who have exceedingly abundantly above all
that we dare ask or think. I thank you, Father, for healings, for demonstrations, and manifestations of
the glory on our lives. Father, we don't keep walking around saying and believing things
that are off; we believe what the Word says. You said that we are snared by
the words of our mouth, so we say that we are blessed: blessed in the city,
blessed in the field, blessed coming in, and blessed going out.
God, you're a healer, the God of more than enough who
heals us by the stripes of Jesus. We believe, Father, that you already paid the price for us to
walk in divine health; we don't have to walk in a busted-up life. Father,
you paid the price for us to walk in exceedingly abundantly above all that we ask or think.
I thank you that our cup overflows with your glory
today. Father, we pray over all these elections and over all the people who are believing
for their countries to turn around. You said in your word that if we humble ourselves and pray
and turn from our wicked ways, you would heal our land. Father, I thank you
that you're healing our land today. I thank you, Father, that you're guiding President Trump and
getting rid of the leftist party out of the Canadian leadership.
Righteous people will rise up and vote, and the vote will be too big to rig.
In the name of Jesus, we call for a supernatural election in Canada, Australia, and
Zimbabwe. There are so many countries having elections this year; we call forth
a major turnaround for this last outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord. Father,
raise up men and women of God to run for office to do mighty works for you,
to make good laws and turn around the laws that are corrupt regarding abortion and
dark things. I thank you, Lord, that you're bringing forth the
righteous in a mighty army to raise up and say, 'Enough is enough.'Even
the unbelievers who do not see because
they have a reprobate mind, their minds will come to them and they'll say, 'I'm going to vote
right; I don't want to live underneath this. This is
not going right.'Father, they would get on
the path of shaking to awaken them. I thank you, Lord, for the glory and
that everything we put our hands to prospers. I thank you, Lord, that our marriages are restored. I
call forth restoration over our homes and families. Father, for the husbands and
wives who are wayward, they'll come back to you.
In the name of Jesus, we bless them and
call them whole and well.
People will seek and find you, Father, as
we call those things that be not as
though they were. We say they're healed, whole, and set free from drug
addictions and sexual perversions. Father, they have the
mind of Christ, and no dementia comes nigh these people anymore. We speak to
dementia to go now in Jesus'name.
We thank you, Lord, that you are the restorer of what the cankerworm is trying
to eat up. In the name of
Jesus, everything the devil meant for bad, you said you're going to turn it around for
good. We believe, Father, that you're the healer and the deliverer to those
who believe. We're calling their circumstances to turn right now.
Everything that was
bad over the night will be good in the morning. Father, we thank you for
revival.
You're
leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one.
There will be a major outpouring of your Spirit in a way like we've
never seen before. This will be a time for a great shaking. Your
Son is coming soon. Oh Lord, we give you praise for everyone
believing for breakthrough today. We believe you're the God of
the breakthrough. It's time to walk through and
have a breakthrough in your life. Father, we
thank you that they're no longer going around that mountain; they're coming
out to conquer their mountains by speaking to them.
They're speaking to that mountain and
telling it to be dissolved and cast into the sea.
Thank you, Lord, for stirring in every single one
of their hearts today. They're stirred up and
excited about life. In the name of
Jesus, there's no more confusion or bondage.
We thank you for President Trump, that you put a hedge
of protection around him, JD Vance, and their families.
Father, they would know you
on a supernatural level and have a glorious visitation
in the White House. Do you believe
that, Braden? Congress, the Senate, and the House will have a glorious visitation.
We thank you for the glory and that you touch every person
watching this video right now. There is a mighty move of the Spirit
filling up the cup until the glory is running over. We fill our cup and
lift it up because we need a fresh touch of new wine today, with new
wine skins breaking off the old.
Holy Spirit, help me and lead me right now. I want so much for your
people to be free. I know
they're walking in bondage time and time again.
Doing the same thing after twenty years and expecting different results is very
annoying. Help me, Father, to teach what I've learned to see the breakthroughs
I've seen in my life. It's not meant for us to keep walking around
in the desert year after year, frustrated, expecting
something supernatural and never seeing it. We want to experience the glory.
We are not the size of grasshoppers; we
are the people who will take the land. Show us how to take the land, and we do it
with you. We put our boat into motion today and expect different
results. We're not doing this anymore.
We worship you, God, that you're giving us the ideas to do what we
need to do. Father, we don't get frustrated and weary in well-doing,
but we're asking for a new direction. Show us the way,
Lord. I've heard the cries of help from so many mothers and fathers looking for something. All
I know is that it's at your feet, and
whenever I seek you, I will find you. Everything
is about the anointing. It's the burden-removing, yoke-destroying power that
destroys the bondage off our lives. It's the anointing of the Holy Ghost.
We believe that you're changing us from glory to glory
today. We just get quiet. All this stirring around is like a panic where you go, 'Oh no,
what are we going to do?'Peace. In the midst of
all the storms, we call peace. We call peace to all the storms in people's lives today. Peace,
that peace that passes all understanding. We call peace. You said, 'Peace I leave with
you. My peace I give to you.'We believe for peace today. We believe, Father, that we operate and we're
walking in that peace and that joy. And Father, you said in your word that we could ask for it
and it will be done. We're believing, Father, that there's a supernatural turnaround in our lives
today in every area of our life.
Father, we thank
you, Lord. Holy Spirit, thank you, Lord. You help us; you show us what to say; you show
us what to do. And we'll do it. We'll obey you because
one word from God, an anointed word, will change your life forever.
An anointed word from God will change your life forever. All you need is one word, and
in that impartation, it will change you forever. Do you believe that? They need to believe that;
I believe it. It's just that sitting at his feet for that one second; all you need is that one word.
It's a sentence or a paragraph or whatever—this is it. Boom! And the Holy Spirit just blows on it,
and you're on the right road, going 1,000 miles an hour. I
just believe it. It's at his feet; it's Him. Glory to God, Father. We're so desperate
for you. We need you; we need more of you, Father. I know you said we have all of you,
but Father, I need less of me in the way; I need more revelation knowledge. I need more,
Father. We give you all the glory, honor, and praise. Father, we're so
thankful, we're so grateful for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
You're already there; I know the answer is coming for what we're believing for.
Thank you, Father, in the name of Jesus. And everyone say amen and amen. Well, I know that
was a little different video. I don't want to waste y'all's time, like I said, and I'm
just excited to talk to y'all. These are just things that I think during
the day, and maybe you say, 'Well, boy, you think a lot.'Yep, I do. I think a lot. I just
think: how do you get out of the circumstances when you see so many people you love doing the
same thing? I have family that need breakthrough. They need this,
and you can't say certain things because they won't receive it from you. You know,
people won't receive certain things from you because they're too familiar with you. And so
you want to help them and tell them, 'This is off,'because I know
by the Spirit of God it's off, but you want to help them and they won't listen. And you
go, 'You know, if I could just help one person today, I've done my job.'But
we just bless you all. Thank you for following us. Thank you for watching these
videos. Subscribe if you haven't subscribed. Click the notification bell if you haven't
clicked the notification bell. Click the thumbs up. Comment something nice below if this blessed you.
If I didn't, then you say, 'Well, I'll try better next time.'All
I can do is keep trying and keep going. Help me, Holy Spirit, to
do the best I can for you, because we're all a work in progress, and He's faithful. We
always close the broadcast by saying this: Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you. God bless you all, and we'll see you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.